Docs/354 extend general overview documentation (#381)
Deltares/ra2ce: ra2ce/README.md

# RA2CE

This package is divided into different (sub-)packages, the most relevants being the following:

- `network`, this (sub-)package contains the logic to retrieve a normalized data structure capable of representing all the required properties of a network for its later analysis.

> - `analysis`, this (sub-)package is responsible to analyze a network in of its different types (`direct` / `indirect`).

Author: this looks like a brain fart, will rephrase

# RA2CE

## Ra2ce semantics

- `ra2ce` is a [package](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/),
- everything else with an `__init__.py` is a subpackage (often written as (sub-)package).
- single `.py` files are [modules](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/modules.html),

> - from a business perspective an `analysis` might be a module, but technically it can be implemented either as a (sub-package) or a module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- from a business perspective an `analysis` might be a module, but technically it can be implemented either as a (subpackage) or a module.
```

## Structure description

This package is divided into different (sub-)packages, the most relevants being the following:

- `network`, this (sub-)package contains the logic to retrieve a normalized data structure capable of representing all the required properties of a network for its later analysis.
- `analysis`, this (sub-)package is responsible to execute an analysis (`direct` or `indirect`) for the given network.
- `runners`, this (sub-)package encapsulates the logic to automatize an analysis of a ra2ce model.

Other (sub-)packages carry a more 'supporting' role, such as:

- `common`, a (sub-)package mostly contaning generic definitions as protocols (`typing.Protocol`) to be used across the whole project.

> - `configuration`, a (sub-)package responsible to parse the ra2ce `.ini` configuration files (for network and analysis) into their corresponding dataclasses. It is worth mentioning this (sub-) package is explicitely outside `common` to avoid circualr dependencies with the `analysis` and `network` (sub-)packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `configuration`, a subpackage responsible to parse the ra2ce `.ini` configuration files (for network and analysis) into their corresponding dataclasses. It is worth mentioning this subpackage is explicitely outside `common` to avoid circular dependencies with the `analysis` and `network` subpackages.
```
